README.md, before:

Anki 2.0 add-on that sends your review stats to [Beeminder](beeminder.com) and so keeps your graphs up-to-date.

It supports tracking all your reviews and just new cards. It's still somewhat experimental, but it shouldn't eat your dog. The only guarantee I can give is that I use it myself. :)

Installation:

Copy Beeminder_Sync.py into your add-on folder (~/.anki/addons/) or install through Anki (Tools -> Add-ons -> Browse & Install) with code [3491889895](https://beta.ankiweb.net/shared/info/3491889895).

Instructions:

1. Create goal at Beeminder.
2. Use type *Odometer*. This is required!
3. Set variables in add-on file (Beeminder_Sync.py in your add-on folder).
4. Review!
5. Sync to AnkiWeb. This also sends the latest stats to Beeminder.

Known Issues / TODO:

1. Setting the options through some nice dialog window instead of manually editing the add-on file would be nice.
2. Only supports Odometer goals. It should also support Do More.
3. A few more sanity checks here and there would be nice too.
4. The number of reported new reviews in Beeminder's comments is sometimes wrong. This is purely cosmetic though.

Contact / Bugs:

muflax at (mail at muflax dot com) or on Github at <https://github.com/muflax/beeminder-anki>.

My own Beeminder graphs are at <https://www.beeminder.com/muflax/goals/anki> and <https://www.beeminder.com/muflax/goals/anki-new>.

Commit message:

added tracking of cards created

README.md, after:

Anki 2.0 add-on that sends your review stats to [Beeminder](beeminder.com) and so keeps your graphs up-to-date.

It supports tracking all your reviews and just new cards. It's still somewhat experimental, but it shouldn't eat your dog. The only guarantee I can give is that I use it myself. :)

Installation:

Copy Beeminder_Sync.py into your add-on folder (~/.anki/addons/) or install through Anki (Tools -> Add-ons -> Browse & Install) with code [3491889895](https://beta.ankiweb.net/shared/info/3491889895).

Instructions:

1. Create goal at Beeminder.
2. Use type *Odometer*. This is required!
3. Set variables in add-on file (Beeminder_Sync.py in your add-on folder).
4. Review!
5. Sync to AnkiWeb. This also sends the latest stats to Beeminder.

Known Issues / TODO:

1. Setting the options through some nice dialog window instead of manually editing the add-on file would be nice.
2. Only supports Odometer goals. It should also support Do More.
3. A few more sanity checks here and there would be nice too.
4. The number of reported new reviews in Beeminder's comments is sometimes wrong. This is purely cosmetic though.
5. The number of 'created' cards includes those imported decks, so use retroratchet on your goal (or autoratchet)
6. The number of 'created' items is cards, not facts, so will be higher than you expect.

Contact / Bugs:

muflax at (mail at muflax dot com) or on Github at <https://github.com/muflax/beeminder-anki>.

My own Beeminder graphs are at <https://www.beeminder.com/muflax/goals/anki> and <https://www.beeminder.com/muflax/goals/anki-new>.
